dre bly field in Virginia Beach the site
for hampton roads academy against
Norfolk Christian Norfolk Christian this
morning little bit from that early loss
to liberty christian in the opener
they've got for virginia commits though
and opening kickoff in this one Norfolk
Christian trying to get himself some
good field position to start with for
their offensive weapons quantity more
mario Nixon will wha he and on that play
you see wha he go and buy some guy
burning through some guys down the
sideline he's going to score one of the
UVA commits there why he norfert
Christian got plenty of talent on their
team why he the future wahoo with a nice
play there huh men yes indeed Matt and
blocked punt dared bought the Christian
what a specialty sparked their as they
start to really pounce on hand throws
Academy 14-nothing second quarter their
huaji with the carry riding by guys as
he darts down the field to the 20 the 10
end zone touchdown Norfolk Christian and
showing no ill effects on net
season-opening loss the extra point try
for Norfolk Christian Matt doesn't go
through not quite hits the crossbar
there so the square now 20 20
notification will kick off and out to
hand towards Academy we're going to see
what the navigators can do here on
special teams and coming up the middle
of the field for them is smitten and
he's going to find some room to work
with come along the left sideline before
he's finally pushed out of bounds trace
when trying to give him promotes it kind
of me something here too but Norfolk
Christian right back with it the former
jerks when trucker running back jacory
Robbins first year Norfolk Christian
he's going to score on the ground as
Norfolk Christians running game too much
for hampton roads academy this 127
nothing the purple pride out and happy
in this one as Norfolk Christian goes to
the air now for some learning will wha
he he's just dragging defenders as he
gets the catch and puts it over
Christian back in scoring position they
hand it off to robins he takes it in for
a touchdown that's one of his three
scores on the night on the ground for
the Ambassador 34 to 0 the score here
Matt and so far has been an offensive
explosion for Norfolk Christian and a
rare turnover here nice interception
here by hampton roads academy able to
try and turn the tie here Henry Hill
comes up with the pic for h ra
he gets the ball to hampton roads
academy Norfolk Christian though in this
one finding a way to get takeaways find
a way to score touchdowns running or
passing and they come up with the fumble
recovery it's Josh Porter for Norfolk
Christian this time they go to the air
it's will wha he look at him go
touchdown again wahy with 149 yards
rushing in 26 yard receiving in this
game back to the ground for Norfolk
Christian they handed off and what a
combination of athletes they have a
quantum or jacory robins Mario Nixon
real huaji Norfolk Christian season
pretty loaded that's right Robinson
right there able to take that one all
the way for the touchdown to a couple of
shifty moves here another running a play
here for the notification ambassadors is
Moreau who's going to just bulldoze over
defenders and take that one in for the
score our tough as nails run their 55
nothing Norfolk Christian in front
comfortably answer roads academy a
bright spot in this one for them the
play of trace linton the senior tight
end defensive lineman children and
athlete he is at quarterback as it
completes that pass and really a guy
that hint roads academy can build with
here in the upcoming games that's right
and sweatin once again just going to
take into his own hands break a few
tackles here coming up the middle make
two defenders missed before he's forced
out of bounds in the end it's Norfolk
Christian with the shutout 55 to nothing
jacory Robbins 130 yards on the ground
three touchdown runs will huaji 149
yards on the ground three touchdown runs
and the defense for Norfolk Christian
impressive as well limiting HRA to just
52 total yards of offense more private
school action Greenbrier Christian a 34
230 winner of a norfolk academy TJ
Barnard with 161 yards rushing and a
touchdown in 21 attempts while I was
Bishop Sullivan pitching a shutout there
35 to nothing over Portsmouth Christian
Jeff swoop when it came for him 222
yards rushing of two touchdowns
Christchurch a shutout themselves 33 to
nothing over nanton stuff with Academy
spoiling the home debut of Lou Johnson
the coach there Jordan Wallace with 155
yards rushing and a touch